<< [[2021-09-06]] | [[2021-09-08]] >>

## Journal

### Side Projects
#### 02:09

- Ok, so I'm wrapping up the [[NFT]] project ([[Project Ideas 202107291607#^656d28]]) for today. Just wanted to quickly go over what I need to do tomorrow and during the days ahead to complete this. I'm having some good progress. 
- It seems that things are not working, but in reality I am having good progress! I'm getting a much better understanding of the way [[Web3]] works, which can be a great asset for my future [[Career]].
- So here are some basic todos:
	- [ ] make sure all the files are removed from Pinata
	- [ ] Make sure I'm 100% happy with the generated image
	- [ ] test on the 10 images how to run a loop for image minting

- I think if I get the last two tasks, I can do a final test on either Ethereum Main TestNet or Polygon TestNet. Depending on what I choose I can move on to prod afterwards.

- If this works I will **have** to spend some time to finish my token creating tutorial (maybe even before that). This is unrelated.
- Then, for real this time, I will generate first 5-10 years and ne happy with that. Then I will create a website and some basic marketing. Furthermore, will start spreading the word about the project
- and each night I can start generating and minting more NFTs

### General
#### 09:20

- I'm very unhappy with the weight I've gained. Very urgently need to do sonething about that. I'm not sure if the issue with me [[Diet|Dieting]] is psychological or physiological, but it needs to be resolved, sooner than later.