---
status:
  - not_reviewed
  - read
  - inbox
tags:
  - book
---

Author: [[Jason Lengstorf]]

## Tags
- [[Habits]]
- [[Sleep]]
- [[Journaling]]

## Interesting Resources Mentioned (Books, Papers, etc.)

## Summary (Short)

**Structure**

**Purpose**


## Key Ideas

## Questions

## My Top 3 Quotes

## How the Book Changed Me

## Who Should Read it? 


## Metadata
- Author: [[lengstorf.com]]
- Full Title: 3-obvious-habits.pdf
- URL: https://lengstorf.com/downloads/3-obvious-habits.pdf

## Highlights
- aCtioN #1: Make a daiLy LiSt 5 JaSoN LeNGStorf — LeNGStorf.CoMDaily Action#1WRITE A DAILY LIST OF THINGS THAT MATTER
    - Note: That is a good advice. Each time I made one I felt a little more relaxed. So, can totally vouch for this!
- When we write things down, they become less stressful and easier to prioritize.
    - Tags: [[favorite]] 
    - Note: Amen!
- A DAILY LIST HELPS BUILD (AND MAINTAIN) MOMENTUM AND MOTIVATION.Writing a list of just a few items — the things that are most important for today — and crossing all of them off is far more motivational than crossing those same few items off a list with dozens of items on it.
    - Tags: [[favorite]] 
- aCtioN #2: Make SLeep NoN-NeGotiaBLe 9 JaSoN LeNGStorf — LeNGStorf.CoMDaily Action#2ACTUALLY MAKE SLEEP AS IMPORTANT AS WE ALWAYS PRETEND IT IS.
    - Tags: [[favorite]] 
    - Note: This just makes sense, in every way. Used to be good at this but lost the mojo.
- #3 PUT YOUR PHONE DOWN AND ACT LIKE A PERSON.
- Smartphones are great at solving problems that were caused by smartphones.
