
## General
### 09:36
- This morning once again I woke up at around 9:15, while my goal was 7:30. Once again, I snoozed and then disabled. The good thing here is that my body seems to automatically wake up around 9, the bad is that it refuses to wake up on an alarm... 
- One of my [[Goals]] in the future is to have a lifestyle that allows me to wake up without the alarm, meaning, my body chooses to wake up when it feels refreshed. There are many caveats of course, to make this possible. Go to bed early, eat well and not before bed, exercise regularly, etc. 
- Next Wednesday is mine and [[Tatiana Dema | Tanya's]] anniversary and I need to get some good gifts. Here are some ideas:
	- I think the blanket from [[Muji]] can be a good gift.
	- Perhaps a handbag from [[Jacquemus]]
	- 

## [[Health]]
### 09:43
- Yesterday I went to exercise with [[Aram Stepanyan | Aram]]. It's [[Good]] to have an [[Exercise Buddy]], as together you can make each other accountable. 
- I rushed the exercise a bit yesterday, and I think he finished a little early because of me.
- After the exercise we want to [[Sauna]] and [[Steamer]], and that was [[Great]]. It feels so, so [[Good]], to contrast the heat and the cold shower. The skin feels refreshed. I feel tired afterwards, but in a very good sense. Like I don't want to move much and just want to relax.

## [[Work]]
### 09:43
- Had a [[Good]] session in the second half of the day yesterday.
- I do feel that I'm not up to the par of my colleagues, and that I'm lacking some skills a little bit. 
	- Now I'm thinking there is a reason for that. I don't find all this data interesting and more importantly, I don't have particularly strong desire of working with it to find insights. I would much rather prefer focus and making it easier for people do things. So, building websites, makes a lot of sense, and [[Data Analysis]], doesn't really.
- [[Sad | Saddens]] me that I can't find the time to work on my [[Personal Projects]]. Used to do it in the mornings, but now I don't manage to wake up early enough. And the other problem, as I mentioned in the other daily note is that I can't seem to work on those things, when [[Tatiana Dema | Tanya]] is around. Both things need to get fixed.
	- I need to get up earlier. For that I need to go to bed earlier.
	- I need to be able to work and record streams in front of Tanya.

