
[[Tasks]] for today
- [x] ask maintanence to fix the door that is always stuck. 
	- [x] Also ask about drilling in the place where there is a metal bar.
- [x] finish logic app PR
- [x] Run the static site script
- [ ] Thinks about [[Main Goals in my Life]] ^ad8438


## General
### 09:51
How I feel?
- I feel [[Good]]. Went to bed around 23:30 yesterday, which is better than latest average, but still not good enough in terms of ideal state. Ideally would like to go to bed around 22:00-22:30, including 20-30 minutes of reading. I want to do that to wake up earlier to work on projects like [[Built with Django]].

## Work
### 09:51
How I feel?
- It seems that I can't do "streaming" or other project related stuff during work, or while [[Tatiana Dema | Tanya]] is not sleeping.

Is there anything bugging me?
- Lack of progress on the [[Built with Django]] front and other projects.

## Sleep
### 09:51
How I feel?
- Today I slept good, only woke up once during the night, and seems that I have pulled my neck a little bit. Otherwise waking up was fine. Well, considering that my plan was to wake up at 7:30, and I ended up waking up at 9:30, I can see why I feel alright :D
- That's probably one of the reason most people like remote work: You can go to sleep later and can sleep more. I'm not like that, I don't want to use Remote work for sleeping purposes only. For me, the ideal state would be to use that saved time on [[Learning]] or [[Side Hustle]].

## Learning
### 09:51
Is there anything bugging me?
- Lack of [[Learning]] in my personal life, like when I was learning [[Django]], when I was working as an [[Actuary]].

## [[Health]]
### 09:51
- My inability to consistently eat good food and [[exercise]].


## Goals
### 12:34
- I was reading the [[Doing Time Right 202107261236]] book yesterday and one of the things that popped up is that you need to know your destination in order to take correct actions. I have been thinking what I want to achieve in life, and probably even written it down somewhere. Today I'd like to take some time and think about what my goal in life is. My main [[Goals | goal]], that is.

## Productivity

^123020

### 14:14

- I have about 25 tasks in my [[Todoist]] panel, which are not even for today. They are just the tasks that I did not did in the past, and they are now overdue...
- That's bad, and makes me think that my process is not so good. One way that process is not good is that when I set a "Day to complete date" in the future, it is actually a very bad way of doing it, since I have no idea, what day I will have and will I be able to do that. 
- So, setting the due date in advance is bad, shouldn't do it.
- Well, the next thing is that some of my tasks appear in various systems: [[Todoist]], [[Github]], [[Obsidian]], [[Azure DevOps]], etc. I think the correct approach here is to keep the tasks where they belong.
	- For example, since I have a [[Built with Django]] project board on [[Github]] I should add all the tasks there (coding related). If [[Todoist]] is my main driver for the [[Day Planning]], then I'll just add a recurring task "Work on Built with Django, and reference the [[Github Project Board]]"
	- So, in the next couple of day I will try to remove repetetive tasks from [[Todoist]].
	- The only disadvantage of this tactic is that I won't be able to get detailed statistics at the end of the year. Although, now that I gave it some thought I can just track the time I'm working on any given project via [[Toggl]] and its integration with [[Todoist]]

- Also, the tasks that I have on that page, that relate to my personal life, should probably end up in [[Todoist]] also, where it will be a little easier to track. Although, that would have to be given some thought.