#DailyNote

## General
### 09:55

- Preparation to the [[3rd Anniversary]] going [[Fine]].
- I bought an ultra expensive duvet from [[MUJI]] (~$350). I know [[Tatiana Dema | Tanya]] loves it, so hopefully should be an interesting surprise.
- I think the plan for other gifts is clear...
	- Get an expensive accessory ([[Handbag]], probably, maybe [[Maison Margiela]] x [[Reebok]] sneakers) ~$700
	- Small accessory from [[Mure + Grand]], if there is something (~$50)
	- [[Gummy Bears]] from [[Sugarfina]] (~$20)
	- and some [[Flowers]] (~$20)
	- This would roughly total to 1100-1200 USD... Crazy
	- Well, next time, if I [[Preparation | prepare]] in advance, this can probably be reduced...


## Work
### 14:40

- Things have been going [[Good]] at [[Work]]. I'm working on [[Logic App]]s and [[ARM templates]].
- Need to spend more time working on [[Web Development]] side of things, as I have mentioned this is my interest. Now I need to prove it. Especially since I'm going to be judged based on [[Web Development]] related goals at the end of the year.


## Learning
### 14:51

- I'm very [[Sad]], that I'm not finding time to work on my [[Side Projects]], as they have been the best way to kickstart my [[Learning]] and essentially what got me a job at [[GC Data Strategy]].
- It could be because I have to many small lingering [[Task | Tasks]], which makes me not do any of them. If I think about it, it's not even that many:
	- [[Built with Django]]
	- [[Built with Django Podcast]]
	- [[OTB Chess]]
	- [[Blogging]]
	- [[Personal Website]]
	- Playing [[Chess]]

- I think, that's about it. All these project are awesome [[Sandbox | Sandboxes]] for my learning processes. They are just waiting to be used.
- Actually that make me think [[Very Good]] about myself. This is because the [[Past Me]], did a very good job, setting up those sandboxes.
- Just for the record, let me quickly jot down what each can be used for.

	- [[Built with Django]] can be used for many new [[Django]] learnings. For example, I can try implementing some sort of map feature, which will expose me to [[GeoDjango]], [[PostGIS]], [[GIS]], [[GeoJSON]] and [[ArcGIS]]. And that's just one example of a thing to learn. Of course such a feature would take some time to implement, especially because I did not work with it before, but the [[Opportunity]] is there.

	- [[Built with Django Podcast]] is very obvious. Learn to [[Interview]] people. Learn to efficiently [[Editing | Edit]] audio/video files. And this is not so much of a learning, but more of a tool to increase [[Audience]] / [[Reach]] of my [[Personal Brand]]. Furtermore, this gives me an [[Opportunity]] to speak and build [[Relationships]] with the best people in the [[Django]] industry. Can't be a bad investment.

	-  [[OTB Chess]] will certainly help me learn the skill of [[Community Building]]. Furthermore, I have already done a ton of [[Research]] into finding first users and trying to create an engaging environment.


	> Side Note: This is becoming a monster note. It's becoming bigger on the [[Link Graph]]. Thankfully, there is a fantastic way of filtering the links displayed on the graph 💪 

	- dd